feat: Add Jmeter check (#164)
flanksource/canary-checker: README.md

### Jmeter - Run the supplied JMX test plan against the specified host

This check will execute the jmeter cli to execute the JMX test plan on the specified host

> When running Jmeter check one can increase the memory limits due to the usage of JRE inside the canary-checker pod 
> 
> Note: The default memory limit is set to 512Mi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that JMeter is a memory hungery java application and you will likely need to increase the default memory limit from 512Mi to 1 -2Gi or higher depending on the complexity, count and frequency of jmeter tests
```
